have you ever found it hard to make a
decision because you have too many
options well that's exactly what you'll
go through if you're trying to buy the
best
affordable pair of truly wireless
earphones honestly i think a lot of
people just get overwhelmed and say
forget it i'll just pony up the dough
for some airpods
but that sucks airpods are expensive
which is why we bought
the top
50 wireless earphones for under 100 from
amazon.com and went through the
painstaking tdm of trying out every
single one of them so stick around and
i'll tell you which ones suck and why
and which select few are actually worth
a closer look
but first a closer look at our sponsor
origin pc customize an origin pc desktop
powered by an nvidia geforce rtx
graphics card pair with a g-sync monitor
for a fast refresh rate and an edge on
your competition learn more at the link
below
[Music]
first we'll eliminate the ones that
obviously suck
relaxo tws i7
oh
this case is brutal
these feel super cheap
no
you're done
okay oh this is a big boy
what are these
what kind of design is that
like it's so far from my head
why ah doesn't make any sense
this one actually has a nice weight to
it like it's kind of heavy in a good way
although i'm not sure that i would want
anything in my pocket to be heavier than
it needs to be
it's a little hard to open though which
is annoying but um
shantae
you stay
okay for 60 this is not an acceptable
charging case this is annoying to have
in your pocket
whoa an actually recognizable brand
nice buttons and i really like the skin
on them these are actually pretty cool
hold up
why is this so huge
it's only 400 milliamp hours
this one's 600
not a chance you're done
oh these are a little different okay
wait a second this has a lid i can lose
whoa okay it snaps on there pretty good
[Music]
i'm not gonna eliminate them now
but that was close
focus power f10
this is
there's only one
really
what were they thinking there's only one
unbelievable
okay focus power it's your chance at
redemption
oh
that's a nice lid noise
okay these are
maybe the nicest ones so far
and finally skull candy i used to think
these were so cool when i was a kid but
i'm giving these a hard no these are
pretty bad especially for the price
[Music]
oh
like this is a nice tactile button but
it's a way too loud
oh yeah that's just right in my brain
next
now these buttons these are nice doesn't
take a lot of force you can skip tracks
forward and backwards you can play and
pause and those operations are what i'm
going to consider baseline for all these
headphones here these are pretty good
unfortunately you do have to use your
phone to adjust volume up and down
though but
these can stay
okay these ones
these actually have a touch interface
for 20 bucks which is pretty awesome and
they have volume control on the earbud
can't be that right well except that
it's kind of jank so to turn the music
up you just hold it down which is sweet
because you can just hold your finger
there and crank it but to hold it down
you have to tap it
and you might think okay if you want to
turn down fast you just tap really fast
but no because that'll register a double
tap which is a different command
these ones are even worse it's three
taps to adjust the volume but only two
taps to hail the assistant so i just
keep getting the assistant more like
pass on me am i right
i'm right
can't skip tracks backwards
these bad boys actually have dedicated
buttons for volume up and down on each
earphone but they're so small and hard
to press that you end up kind of jamming
the whole earphone into your ear every
time you press them and not only that
but they're asymmetrical on this one the
volume buttons back here and on this one
the volume buttons at the front strike
[Music]
three finally this is the only pair of
the whole lot that gets the interface
right in my opinion
single tap for pause double tap for next
triple tap for back hold on the right
one for volume up hold on the left one
for volume down nailed it
you stay
[Music]
techtaca
and raid max
the tribe has spoken
[Music]
now this round is completely subjective
but my ears really like the fit of the
raikon e50s and the soundwiz bionics
these are not going anywhere i did not
like the route and paste because a they
hurt and b even though they're round you
do have to take care when you put them
in so that its button is kind of facing
out so you can actually access it and
even then you usually have to use two
fingers to press the button
these ones just hurt
these ones also hurt and when i pulled
it out of my ear the ear tip actually
got stuck in my ear and that's
unsettling
so i still have about 20 pairs of
headphones left and at this point
they're mostly okay so rather than
finding reasons to eliminate them
instead i'm going to identify the
keepers that stood out to me during my
testing
well we've shared an incredible week
together and
it's one of the hardest decisions i've
ever had to make but
i only have 10 roses
g-whack
will you accept this rose treblab x5
will you accept this rose
soundcore
raycon e50s
bureau core
3x
e20s f16
pranya
will you accept this rose
for my final rose
[Music]
bionic
will you accept this rose
introducing my top ten
after one of the toughest days of the
office ever i was able to separate the
wheat from the chaff and narrow it down
to the final four which i think are all
good for different reasons starting with
the cheapest these get sold under many
different names on amazon but the ones
that we have are called the g-wack j-29s
they've got the best button interface of
the whole bunch a case that's reasonably
compact despite its 800 milliamp battery
and absolutely pounding bass which is
great if you listen to edm or hip-hop
but can be a bit overbearing if you
listen to metal next it's the sound whiz
bionics which are my pick for a budget
truly wireless to use while exercising
on account of the great fit they're just
super in there and the nice rubber
sleeves the case isn't my favorite but
it does the job these are just kind of
all around decent bumping up in price
the raycons are back and they might be
my overall top pick these sound great
with any genre unless you're like a
total bass head and they have the
absolute best voice alerts
[Music]
they have fantastic battery life they're
just nice to use oh god and they come in
multiple colors
and finally we've got the jbl 3x they
were at the top of our price limit but
the sound from these
to me seemed like a cut above the rest
they're just super clear at least until
you max out the volume the case is a bit
large but it is 1500 milliamp hours
netting you five extra charges and the
lid is so satisfying it's like you're
basically getting a free
fidget toy in the box
now to be clear we're not saying that no
one should buy premium wireless
earphones like apple's airpods or
powerbeats pros if you want something
that's very likely to be good and comes
with warranty support that you can count
on then those are totally an option but
for everyone else we are really
confident that you will probably like
any of these especially for the cost so
go check them out at the link in the
description the flare mini from
soundcore by anchor has a ton of great
features it's got 360 degree audio which
means it sounds great from every
direction it features neodymium drivers
as well as their base up technology for
the dual passive radiators and of course
their halo led for that rgb it's got a
bunch of light effects with audio
fireworks it can phase pulse and glow
with the rhythm it's pool party proof
with ipx7 water protection and features
a high-efficiency lithium-ion battery
for up to 12 hours of sound and lights
it connects via bluetooth and you can
use two of them for stereo audio and you
can check it out at the link in the
video description
so thanks for watching guys if you liked
this video and i really hope you did
because it took me forever please like
the video get subscribed check out the
links to where to buy all these
headphones down below or on our forum
which you should totally join and check
out our merch store where you can get
cool shirts like this one
my ears hurt